---
orphan: true
---

(2025_meeting)=

# 2025 PETSc Annual Users Meeting and Tutorial

## Meeting location

May 20-21, 2025, Davis Hall, University of Buffalo, NY, USA ([105 White Rd, Amherst, NY 14260](https://maps.app.goo.gl/B38RsNe41Zd93rvX7))

## Meeting times

- Monday, May 19 - Tutorial (tutorials begin at 9am)
- Tuesday, May 20 - Meeting (begin at 9am)
- Wednesday, May 21 - Meeting (ends around 5pm)

## Registration

Please [register](https://ti.to/nf-projects/petsc-annual-meeting) to save your seat.
Fee: \$100, for breaks and lunches; free for students.

## Submit a presentation

[Submit an abstract](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/126KwzajoQvcqU_q7btNsYxFqbe7rJ_vASC-tejZfXDQ) to be included in the schedule.
We welcome talks from all perspectives, including

- contributions to PETSc
- use of PETSc in applications or libraries
- development of libraries and packages [called from PETSc](https://petsc.org/release/install/external_software/)
- just curious about using PETSc in applications

## Student Travel Support

We have funding to provide travel support for students attending the meeting without their own funding. To apply, check the
"Student Funding Support" ticket while registering for the meeting. Early registration will increase your chance of obtaining travel support.

## Tentative Agenda

[comment]: # (Intro: Python, Linear/Nonlinear Solver, GPU)

[comment2]: # (Adv: Meshing, SNESVI, Optimization)

### Monday, May 19: Tutorial

| Time     | Title                                                                                                                        | Speaker                 |
| -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------- |
|  9:00 am | Introduction                                                                                                                | [Matt Knepley]          |
|  9:15 am | Tutorial I: Introductory PETSc                                                                                              |                         |
| 12:00 pm | **Lunch** for tutorial attendees and early arrivees                                                                          |                         |
| 1:30 pm  | Presentation: TBA                                                                                                            | [Alex Hoover]           |
| 2:00 pm  | Tutorial II: Advanced PETSc                                                                                                 |                         |
| 5:00 pm  | End of first day                                                                                                             |                         |

### Tuesday, May 20: Scientific Program

| Time     | Title                                                                                                                        | Speaker                 |
| -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------- |
|  9:00 am | Meeting Introduction                                                                                                                             | [Matt Knepley]          |
|  9:05 am | TBA                                                                                                                         | [Mark Adams]            |
|  9:30 am | TBA                                                                                                                         | [Hansol Suh]            |
| 10:00 am | TBA                                                                                                                         | [David Wells]           |
| 10:30 am | TaoTerm                                                                                                                     | [Toby Isaac]            |
| 10:45 am | **Coffee Break**                                                                                                          |                         |
| 11:00 am | TBA                                                                                                                         | [Peter Boyle]           |
| 11:30 am | TBA                                                                                                                         | [Joseph Pusztay]        |
| 12:00 pm | Empire AI                                                                                                                   | [Matt Jones]            |
| 12:15 pm | **Lunch**                                                                                           |                         |
|  1:30 pm | TBA                                                                                                                         | [Cheng-Chien Chen]      |
|  2:00 pm | TBA                                                                                                                         | [Boyce Griffith]        |
|  2:30 pm | TBA                                                                                                                         | [Chris Kees]            |
|  3:00 pm | PetscRegressor                                                                                                               | [Richard Mills]         |
|  3:15 pm | **Poster Session and Coffee Break**                                                                                         |                         |
|  4:30 pm | **End of Posters**                                                                                                          |                         |
|  4:45 pm | Leave on bus for dinner at Niagara Falls                                                                                    |                         |


### Wednesday, May 21: Scientific Program

| Time     | Title                                                                                                                        | Speaker                 |
| -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------- |
|  9:00 am | TBA                                                                                                                         | [Blaise Bourdin]        |
|  9:30 am | TBA                                                                                                                         | [Zoe Leibowitz]         |
| 10:00 am | TBA                                                                                                                         | [David Salac]           |
| 10:30 am | DMPlexTransform                                                                                                              | [Matt Knepley]          |
| 10:45 am | **Coffee Break**                                                                                                          |                         |
| 11:00 am | TBA                                                                                                                         | [Darsh Nathawani]       |
| 11:30 am | TBA                                                                                                                         | [MOOSE Collective]      |
| 12:00 pm | GitWorkflows                                                                                                                 | [Satish Balay]          |
| 12:15 pm | **Lunch**                                                                                           |                         |
|  1:30 pm | TBA                                                                                                                         | [Tim Steinhoff]         |
|  2:00 pm | TBA                                                                                                                         | [Jack Betteridge]       |
|  2:30 pm | TBA                                                                                                                         | [Conor Ward]            |
|  3:00 pm | IMEX in PETSc                                                                                                               | [Hong Zhang]            |
|  3:15 pm | GPUs in PETSc                                                                                                               | [Junchao Zhang]         |
|  3:30 pm | **Coffee Break**                                                                                                          |                         |
|  3:45 pm | **PETSc Roundtable**                                                                                                       |                         |
| 4:45 pm  | Meeting Closes                                                                                      |                         |

## List of Abstracts

## Organizing Committees

### Extramural Committee
- [Blaise Bourdin](https://math.mcmaster.ca/~bourdinb/)
- [Danny Finn](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=l09jI6wAAAAJ&hl=en)
- [Toby Isaac](https://tisaac.gitlab.io/triquadtethex/)
- [Lois McInnes](https://wordpress.cels.anl.gov/curfman/)
- [Louis Moresi](https://www.moresi.info/)
- [Darsh Nathawani](https://darshnathawani.com/)
- [Barry Smith](https://barrysmith.github.io/)
- [Junchao Zhang](https://www.anl.gov/profile/junchao-zhang)

### Local Committee
- [Margarete Jadamec](https://geovizlab.geology.buffalo.edu/)
- [Matt Jones](https://www.buffalo.edu/ccr/about-us/people/staff/jones.html)
- [Matt Knepley](https://cse.buffalo.edu/~knepley/)
- [Joseph Pusztay](https://www.linkedin.com/in/joseph-pusztay-174183129/)
- [David Salac](https://engineering.buffalo.edu/mechanical-aerospace/people/faculty/d-salac.html)

## Questions and Meeting Discussion

For questions about the meeting contact <mailto:petsc2025@lists.mcs.anl.gov>.
Join the discussion about the meeting at [PETSc on Discord](https://discord.gg/Fqm8r6Gcyb), [2025 PETSc Annual Users Meeting channel](https://discord.com/channels/1119324534303109172/1298348560600924200).

## Code of Conduct

All meeting attendees are expected to follow the PETSc/NumFocus Code of Conduct. The local committee will serve as the code of conduct response team, https://numfocus.org/code-of-conduct#response-team. Should any concerns arise during the meeting, please contact any response team member.

## Sponsors
```{image} https://petsc.gitlab.io/annual-meetings/2025/Center-for-Computational-Research.png
:width: 400
```
```{image} https://petsc.gitlab.io/annual-meetings/2025/Institute-for-Artificial-Intelligence-and-Data-Science-color.png
:width: 400
```
